
address: 1855 Sunett Cliffs Blvd San Diego, CA 92107

Owner of Company works on job
Local Ocean Beach Electricians
Electrical Repair Experts
Discount Pricing
Affordable electrical repairs
Ask About our Same Day Service
Licensed, Bonded and Insured
Over 40 Years in Business
Free Consultation
Ocean Beach mapOcean Beach
Looking for an electrician in Ocean Beach?
Call 619-373-2189 We are your Local Ocean Beach Electricians. We provide fast, friendly and reliable electrical service to customers in the Ocean Beach community of San Diego, CA. We specialize in residential electrical service and repair. Trucks are fully equipped and ready to complete your job fast. Call us now to discuss your electrical needs, electrical concerns or electrical problems that you may have. We use the best electrical testing equipment to solve any of your electrical problems. We discount our electrician services because we keep our overhead low. Addressing small electrical problems now can save you money before they become larger problems.

Why choose Electrician San Diego your Ocean Beach electrician?
Laurence the owner of the company personally takes your call and works on your job.
Licensed, bonded and insured.
Available 24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a week.
The #1 certified electrical experts in Ocean Beach.
40 Years in business as a California State Licensed Contractor.
Upfront discount pricing, with no hidden fees or surprises.
No waiting around. We are prompt and call when on the way.
We stand behind the work we do.
What type of electrical do you work on?
All electrical systems and devices
New electrical Installation
Electrical upgrades and replacement
Electrical Repairs and troubleshooting
Electrical maintenance
Call Ocean Beach electrician
Need Help in Ocean Beach?
Call Now 619-373-2189
Ocean Beach Electrical Service
24 hour emergency electrical service
Appliance Circuits
Ceiling Fans
Circuit Breakers
Code Violations
Doorbells
Electrical Inspections
Electrical Outlets
Electrical Panels
Electrical Repairs
Electrical Troubleshooting
EV Chargers
Exhaust Fans
GFCI Outlets
Landscape Lighting
LED Lighting & LED Lamps
Lighting
Lighting Design
Occupancy & Motion Sensors
Remodels
Security Lighting
Smoke Alarms & CO alarms
Spa Electrical Installation
Switches & Dimmers
Timers & Photocells
Wall Heaters

Reviews:
Just used OB Electrician to add an outlet. Very easy to work with. Did a great job. Will use him again without hesitation!

David is awesome!  Always returns calls in a timely manner, even if he is on vacation! Always shows up when he says he will.  Super friendly and polite.  Knows what he is doing.  Doesn't leave a mess, doesn't gouge, very fair pricing. I've used him twice now and I give him 5 stars. Do not hesitate to give him a call for your electrical needs.

Ocean Beach Electrician. Thorough, reasonable and so friendly. David is meticulous in his work and solved a very tricky bathroom lighting issue that other electricians had not been able to fox. Wouldn’t hesitate to recommend 

We had an issue with our bathroom light fixtures that kept blinking on and off. A precious electrician had tried to fox it and the issue came back. David was on time, thorough and meticulous in his work. Our lights work great now and he even recommended new bulbs which make the space so much brighter. Would highly recommend! - Mishel F.

Called looking for just a short piece of Romex for a diy job. David was so helpful and even delivered to my home. I will be calling them for my next electrical job - Gene F.

David is a breath of fresh air. I called 5 other electricians and he was the only one that went out of his way to take care of urgent request for my mother in law with a ring camera install on a Saturday! He's an expert, awesome attitude and his rates are very fair. I highly recommend David at Ocean Beach Electical. - Mike M.

After multiple electricians sounded promising but never even gave me a quote, David came through and did an excellent job! He was very thorough and did the job the right way not the easier way. I would highly recommend him. - Kevin M.

We needed some electrical work done on the fly and happened to come across OB electrician. David responded to our call right away and was able to come the same day. He was very professional and did excellent work all for a reasonable price.
We have since used him one other time and were equally impressed. He will definitely be our go to for all electrical needs!

David came out this afternoon to troubleshoot a tripping circuit breaker in our 1930s era house. Friendly and professional. He gave us several options and we definitely will call him when we are ready to proceed. - Maile C.

Called OB Electric to switch out adozen light fixtures for us. David was responsive, professional and easy to work with. He showed up on time and got the job done quickly. I would definitely hire them again! - Megan G.

David was kind enough to quickly return my phone call and guide me to address a simple issue. Will definitely look to hiring him for more complicated stuff. - Jay K.

David did excellent work at our house. Awesome attitude, good workmanship, and we felt comfortable having him in our home. Installed a ceiling fan and electric car charging port. - John Q.

David was awesome. He arrived on time, conducted a thorough evaluation, diagnosed the issue and fixed it quickly and correctly. We will be customers for life. Thanks David! - Steven B.

David did a great job replacing our GFCI outlet last Saturday. Called him in the morning and was fixed in the afternoon. Great service! - Mercy H.

David responded quickly to my request of a broken electrical line in bathroom switch. Due to the home’s 1923 wiring we thought the worse such as cutting into the wall. David was able to fix the wiring. No demolition! He’s the best. - eileen ward

David is a breath of fresh air. I called 5 other electricians and he was the only one that went out of his way to take care of urgent request for my mother in law with a ring camera install on a Saturday! He’s an expert, awesome attitude and his rates are very fair. I highly recommend David at Ocean Beach Electical. - Mark Scholtemeyer

David was super reliable and helpful to install a 50 amp EV outlet and using the best materials and expert installation. I would recommend him for all services. Really an excellent electrician. - Michael Morris

David came by earlier in the week to install a pair of ceiling fans where there previously hadn’t been any wiring. Despite having to navigate a tight attic space, he knocked it out in about 2 hours per fan. He was relentlessly positive & I can’t recommend him highly enough. He’ll be on speed dial for the next time I need an electrician! - Ed McCarthy